Add an example notebook to introduce `astropy.units` (#1380)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/1380.doc.1.rst

> Began a "getting started" page to the documentation and a "getting
> started" section to the examples gallery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a "getting started" page to the documentation sidebar and a "getting
started" section to the examples gallery.
```
